connections may updates (#602)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-05/1-new-connection-monitoring-page.md

# New: monitor products errors on your connections

## A new page to monitor your connection errors

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Connections" available="mid-May" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-your-connections.html#monitor-a-connection"

Reviewer: Is this really the link to the documentation of this new feature?

:::

This feature should help you to reduce the time needed to solve issues. The goal of displaying product business errors is to allow you to solve them before calling for IT support or your integrator support.

In other words, why a product hasn't been created or updated by your source connection?

![Connection monitoring page](../img/new-connection-monitoring-page.png)

## New metrics on the connection dashboard

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Connections" available="late-May" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-your-connections.html#monitor-a-connection"

Reviewer: Is this really the link to the documentation of this new feature?

:::

The connection dashboard now displays: 
- a new graph with the number of product errors (business and technical) for the past week,

> - and connection cards with the number of business errors during the past week with a link to the errors list of the related connection.

Reviewer: What are "connections cards"?

Author: We added "cards" on the dashboard. One for each source connection that displays connection icon, name, # of business errors for the last 7 days. I added the screenshot to illustrate.

![Error monitoring on connection dashboard](../img/error-monitoring-connection-dashboard.png)

::: warning
The feature is only available for Sources connections. 
:::

::: more

> [What is a connection?](../articles/what-is-a-connection.html) [How to monitor your third-party connections?](../articles/connection-dashboard.html) [How to manage your connections?](../articles/manage-your-connections.html) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[What is a connection?](../articles/what-is-a-connection.html)  
[How to monitor your third-party connections?](../articles/connection-dashboard.html)  
[How to manage your connections?](../articles/manage-your-connections.html) 
```

> # New: monitor products errors on your connections

Reviewer 2: Title must be for both new features
```suggestion
# Connections new features
```

> ## A new page to monitor your connection errors

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Easily monitor errors on your connections 
```

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Connections" available="mid-May" link-to-doc="../articles/connection-dashboard.html#error-monitoring"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="New" features="Connections, Productivity" available="mid-May" link-to-doc="../articles/connection-dashboard.html#error-monitoring"
```

:::

> This feature should help you to reduce the time needed to solve issues. The goal of displaying product business errors is to allow you to solve them before calling for IT support or your integrator support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new `Monitoring` page available under `Connections` lists the last errors for your Connections. From this page, you can now easily track any error on products creation, update, or deletion for each of your connections and fix it. 
```

> In other words, why a product hasn't been created or updated by your source connection?

Reviewer 2: I'd remove this sentence

![Connection monitoring page](../img/new-connection-monitoring-page.png)

> ## New metrics on the connection dashboard

Reviewer 2: Connection with a C-cap ?

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Connections" available="late-May" link-to-doc="../articles/connection-dashboard.html#error-monitoring"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="New" features="Connections, Productivity" available="late-May" link-to-doc="../articles/connection-dashboard.html#error-monitoring"
```

:::

> The connection dashboard now displays: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ease the error monitoring and enable you to see at a glance how your Source Connections are performing, the connection dashboard now displays: 
```

> - a new graph with the number of product errors (business and technical) for the past week,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- a graph with the number of product errors (business and technical) for the past week,
```

> - and connection cards with the number of business errors during the past week with a link to the errors list of the related connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- and connection cards showing the number of business errors for the past week. 
```

![Error monitoring on connection dashboard](../img/error-monitoring-connection-dashboard.png)

::: warning
The feature is only available for Sources connections. 

> :::

Reviewer 2: remove the warning part - no need to add it in the update article. But it needs to be in the help center article
